Refine tiflash FAQ and configuration docs (#20851)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/create-tiflash-replicas.md

</CustomContent>

> The TiDB cluster triggers the TiFlash replica replication process when the following operations are performed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TiDB cluster triggers the TiFlash replica replication process when either of the following operations is performed:
```

>     * TiFlash replicas for a table are added.
>     * When a new TiFlash instance is added, PD moves the TiFlash replicas to the new TiFlash instance.

Author: ```suggestion
* TiFlash replicas for a table are added.
* When a new TiFlash instance is added, PD moves the TiFlash replicas to the new TiFlash instance.
```

</CustomContent>

> When TiFlash replicas for a table are added, or the Regions' TiFlash replicas being move to another TiFlash instance, the TiKV instance performs a table scan and sends the scanned data to TiFlash as a "snapshot" to create replicas. By default, TiFlash replicas are added slowly with fewer resources usage in order to minimize the impact on the online service. If there are spare CPU and disk IO resources in your TiKV and TiFlash nodes, you can accelerate TiFlash replication by performing the following steps.

Author: ```suggestion
The TiDB cluster triggers the TiFlash replica synchronization process when the following operations are performed:

    * TiFlash replicas for a table are added
    * New TiFlash instance is added, PD move the Region replicas to the new TiFlash instance

The TiKV instance performs a table scan and sends the scanned data to TiFlash as a "snapshot" to create replicas. By default, TiFlash replicas are added slowly with fewer resources usage in order to minimize the impact on the online service. If there are spare CPU and disk IO resources in your TiKV and TiFlash nodes, you can accelerate TiFlash replication by performing the following steps.
```

    After executing these SQL statements, the configuration changes take effect immediately without restarting the cluster. However, since the replication speed is still restricted by the PD limit globally, you cannot observe the acceleration for now.

2. Use [PD Control](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/pd-control) to progressively ease the replica scheduling speed limit.

>     The default new replica speed limit is 30, which means, approximately 30 Regions add or remove TiFlash replicas on one TiFlash instance every minute. Executing the following command will adjust the limit to 60 for all TiFlash instances, which doubles the original speed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The default new replica speed limit is 30, which means approximately 30 Regions add or remove TiFlash replicas on one TiFlash instance every minute. Executing the following command will adjust the limit to 60 for all TiFlash instances, which doubles the original speed:
```

    > tiup ctl:v8.5.0 pd -u http://192.168.1.4:2379 store limit all engine tiflash 60 add-peer
    > ```

    If the cluster contains many Regions on the old TiFlash nodes, PD need to rebalance them to the new TiFlash nodes. You need to adjust the `remove-peer` limit accordingly.

    ```shell
    tiup ctl:v<CLUSTER_VERSION> pd -u http://<PD_ADDRESS>:2379 store limit all engine tiflash 60 remove-peer
    ```

>     Within a few minutes, you will observe a significant increase in CPU and disk IO resource usage of the TiFlash nodes, and TiFlash should create replicas faster. At the same time, the TiKV nodes' CPU and disk IO resource usage increases as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Within a few minutes, you will observe a significant increase in CPU and disk IO resource usage of the TiFlash nodes, and TiFlash creates replicas faster. At the same time, the TiKV nodes' CPU and disk IO resource usage increases as well.
```
